java-is an high level,platform independent,object oriented programing language.

features of java
1.object-oriented
2.platform independent 
3.simple
4.secure
5.mutti-threaded
6.robust
7.portable
8.interpreted


components of java:
JDK-java development kit=jRE+ compilers+debugging etc.
JRE-java run-time environment =JVM+ class libraries
JVM-java virtual machine=translates bytecode to machine level instructions
JIT-just in time compiler=it improves the performance of the code by identifying the hotspots(most frequently executable code in the program).

1.save code with java extension
      MyFirstApp.Java
2.campile
    javac MyFirstApp.Java
3.Run
   java MyFirstApp.Java
4.Output



1.documentation section
2.package section
3.import section
4.interface section
5.class defenation
6.main method


IDENTIFIERS:
Identifier rules:They can have alphabets, digits, underscore and dollar symbol
                 They must not begin with digit
                 Keywords cannot be used as identifiers
                 whitespace characters are also not allowed


NAMEING CONVENSTIONS:
•A package represents a sub directory that contains a group of classes and interfaces. Names of packages in Java are written in small letters
•Each word of class names and interface names start with a capital letter (String, DataInputStream, ActionListener etc.)
•The first word of a variable and method name is in small letters; then from second word onwards, each new word starts with a capital letter(readLine( ), nextInt( ) )
•Constants represent fixed values that cannot be altered. Such constants should be written by using all capital letters
*All keywords should be written by using all small letter


tokens-basic building blocks of a java program 
	1.keywords
	2.literals
	3.identifiers
	4.operetors
	5.comments
1.keywords-pre-defined words which is haveing predefined meanings
	ex:static,int,for etc
2.literals-the word used to describe the value
3.identifiers-sequence of characters to identify something in program
4.0peretors-Arithmetic operators.
	Assignment operators.
	Comparison operators.
	Logical operators.
	Bitwise operators.
5.comments-Single-line comments(//).......(//)
	   multiline comments (/*).......(*/)

datatypes-Primitive data types - includes byte , short , int , long , float , double , boolean and char.
	  Non-primitive data types - such as String , Arrays and Classes

Datatype 	size	range
byte	        8	-128 to 127
short	        16	-32,768 to 32,767
int	        32	-2^31 to 2^31-1
long	        64	-2^63 to 2^63-1
float 		32
double		64
char		16
boolean		1


variables:-it is a named memory location whose values can change during execution program.
    syntax:- datatype var1,var2,var3,.......,varn;


Naming conventions-
*the first letter of the clss name must be capital
*The first word of a variable and method name is in small letters
*he first word of a variable and method name is in small letters; then from second word onwards, each new word starts with a capital letter 

