Step1: START
step2: Insert ATM card intlo ATM machine
step3: check the card is valid or not
step4: if the card is not valid hold the card ortherwise select the options

     a. Cash withdrawal 
     b. Account balance inquiry 
     c. Transfer funds 
     d. Bill payment 
     e. Change pin 

step5: if you choose "cash withdrawal" follow (i-vi) steps and go to step10


i. select the language
ii. select withdraw money
iii. select savings
iv. enter pin number
v. enter the amount
vi. collect the cash go to step  

step6:- if you choose "Account balance inquiry" follow (i-vii) steps and go to step10


  i.  go to main menu and select balance inquiry
  ii. enter the pin number
 iii. select transaction-account balance
 iv.  select from account type - chequing or savings
 v. select YES to continue to another transaction or no to vomplete balance enquiry
 vi. retrieve your card
 vii. collect your receipt

step7:- if you choose "Transfer funds" follow  ( i-ix  )steps and go to step10


  i. select language
 ii. enter the pin
iii. select "YES"
iv.  click on "funds transfer"
v.   enter the required details - bank account number/ bank name
vi.  choose bank account type
vii. enter the amount
viii.click "YES" to confirm the transaction
ix.  finally you will receive the transaction details to register mobile number

step8:- if you choose " Bill payment " follow ( i-ix  ) steps and go to step10


i. select language
ii. enter the pin
iii. choose main menu
iv. select "pay bills"
v. Enter Transaction Amount
vi.choose bank account type
vii. enter the  bill amount
viii.click "YES" to confirm the payment details
ix.  finally you will receive the transaction details to register mobile number

step9:- if you choose " Change pin " follow ( i-ix  ) steps and go to step10

i. select language
ii. enter the pin
iii. choose main menu
iv. select change PIN
v. go to existing pin
vi. enter the new pin
vii. OTP IS SEND TO REGISTER MOBILE NUMBER
viii. enter OTP to validate the action
ix. finally you will receive message to register mobile number that your pin is successfully changed

step10.STOP




